You coppers must be…
MIU car, look out!
banned.
Holy smokes.
Police say the man who died was
a suspect with an unknown identity.
Headed to the police station.
They will continue to investigate
the cause of the explosion.
They're going to hide it, huh?
THIS IS HAMADA
DEAR NIGHTCRAWLER,
"I'm directly contacting you,
since Narikawa got arrested."
He got arrested?
"I've information
concerning the explosion."
HANDLE WITH CARE.TXT
SHIBAURA POLICE STATION
It was a high-performance
bomb equivalent to a C-4.
We're analyzing the residue.
How are the No.1 MIU guys?
Two will need two weeks to recover.
One was severely burnt
and in critical condition.
The perp will pay for this.
This is Etori's autopsy results.
A pulmonary contusion caused
by the explosion killed him.
There's one peculiar point.
Etori had cosmetic surgery done.
Here's info from Anti-Organized Crime.
According to his DNA analysis,
Etori's real name is Satoru Kogami.
That's before the surgery.
Kogami was a suspect in a murder case.
He jumped and died
before he was interrogated.
Judging from the evidence,
the police concluded he was dead.
But he wasn't dead.
He changes his face and becomes Etori.
He survives by financing yakuza gangs.
The question is who killed him.
We found a GPS tracker on his necktie pin.
That's what the drone tracked.
Understood.
According to Etori's assistant,
Etori seemed like he was getting
orders from someone.
I found something interesting
from Kogami's old file.
He had been telling
his acquaintances something.
"I've met an interesting young man."
"He knows a lot about cryptocurrency."
"And he used to work
at a system developing firm."
Apparently, he set up many backdoors
on the systems he helped create.
Backdoor?
It's a secret way to get into a system.
If set up during development,
it's virtually undetectable.
He could extract any info.
So this young man was exploiting Etori?
Kuzumi?
No, it's nothing.
Is that a hunch?
It's just an idea.
Please forget what I said.
It's okay.
-Who is that?
-A donut EP dealer.
Has a Kansai accent. In his 20s.
Frequented a club in Ikebukuro.
We don't know where he is now.
This is…
the only photo we have.
Ikebukuro is the Tatsui gang's turf.
Etori was their financer.
So, it's possible.
All right.
Let's go catch Kuzumi.
He's still just a person of interest.
Where will we go anyway?
Like Ikebukuro?
We don't even know his face.
You just had a hunch too.
Stop fighting.
Anti-Organized Crime is
running the investigation.
They haven't asked for help.
So, we just sit here?
Actually, we've got a play.
Someone who has met Kuzumi.
Narikawa.
He's met Kuzumi.
We will speak with him about
the prank call incident today.
-We'll mention Kuzumi then.
-That's legal.
I like it.
-I want Kokonoe and Mr. Jinba to go.
-Roger.
You two search for more evidence.
Yes.
I need your support, Itomaki.
Of course.
Can you continue without resting?
Come on.
The suspect
and two cops became casualties.
A bomb killed a person in broad daylight.
It's a challenge to the police.
We will catch the bomber.
Let's get this scumbag.
It seemed like Mr. Kuzumi knew
Mr. Etori for a long time.
What's Kuzumi like?
How do you know him?
When I was fleeing from the police,
I texted my senior from the track team.
Mr. Kuzumi came to meet me
instead of my senior.
He got me a place to stay
and a new mobile.
He said I needed to make connections.
Any idea where he might be?
We would always meet
at a shared office in Ikebukuro.
Hello.
Police. We're looking for Kuzumi.
Don't hide anything now.
He took his stuff and said
he won't be coming for a while.
We need to check his locker.
Sure.
You use, don't you?
I don't use anything.
Donut EP.
See.
You on meth too?
Come here.
Did you…
use donut EP too?
I did.
Just once.
But our track team
was shut down because of it.
So, I only used it once.
Donut Ep on the table, now.
Police. Don't move.
Give yourself up and get help.
The drug that you use is cheap.
It's not lucrative at all.
They sell it because
it's a gateway drug to meth.
That's what makes money.
There's always a yakuza gang
behind every deal.
They want to make each one of you hooked.
You'll waste your money and life on meth.
Show me what you have.
Stop before it's too late.
Kuzumi?
KUZUMI
The number you have
dialed is no longer in use…
Any other means?
-I can't reach him since yesterday.
-I see.
-Empty your pockets.
-Who knows how to reach Kuzumi?
I can't reach him since yesterday.
Me neither.
Mr. Kuzumi said he was
from Tennoji, Osaka.
He said it's his hometown.
I lived with my mother in a small place.
I still remember the smell
of the humid room.
My mom ultimately died like garbage.
I told him about my terrible dad,
and he told me his dad was too.
I grew up with just my dad too.
I don't even know what my mom looks like.
He said that his PC was his only friend.
Me too.
I built my first PC in middle school.
I knew I sensed
something familiar coming from you.
By the way,
you said you're studying hard
for the college entrance exam.
Here.
Relax a little.
Don't tell anyone.
Hey, Shima.
What?
What is this guy, Kuzumi?
Mephistopheles, perhaps?
What?
A demon.
He lures people
into giving him their souls.
What language is that? Mekemekephelet.
Mephistopheles.
Forget it.
Mekemekephelet Kuzumi.
Drone bombing, murder,
and attempted murder of three.
I bet there are
countless unseen victims out there.
Hello.
Hey, Gomi.
-Hey.
-Long time no see.
-What have you been up to?
-The usual.
Just hanging out and living my life.
Sounds like you.
I know.
No cameras near the shared office.
Widening the scope will be time-consuming.
Itomaki?
Hello?
Captain. Look.
The moment of the explosion.
Who is the man the police erased?
The person who died allegedly has no name.
Why do the police hide his identity?
Female con artist M
is crucial in answering this.
The female con artist M is
related to a police executive.
So, she's been able
to conceal her past felonies.
Guess who was after M?
The unidentified man
who died in the explosion.
According to sources,
the C-4 used in the bombing was
an item the police
had confiscated from a yakuza gang.
The truth of
the bombing murder case is this:
The police committed this attack
to conceal their own crimes.
The existence
of this green van supports this fact.
The van was at the scene of the explosion.
It must have played a role
in concealing evidence.
Then we have this man.
I had met him this April.
I'm telling you. We're No.4 MIU.
This mysterious No.4 MIU.
As soon as I started
doing research on them,
their official site became
a 404 error page.
It's time to "Rec the check."
The mysterious No.4 MIU is
a special team to do one thing!
Conceal the crimes of the police.
I've never reached
500 thousand views this quickly.
Yes?
Hello. Police.
Mr. Yukai Kojima. Open the door.
You know why we're here.
This video.
Why spread such a lie?
I make my videos based on facts.
I see no facts in your videos.
What do you consider facts?
You posted this on Tbutter.
I already deleted it.
But the screenshots are everywhere!
I mean, she's a con artist, right?
She is not a con artist.
Prove it.
Prove that she is.
That's…
You got it from Hamada.
Narikawa introduced you to him.
He doesn't exist.
Hamada is Kuzumi.
A donut EP dealer.
He's indirectly involved with a gang.
We think Kuzumi is the bomber.
No way.
Aren't you smarter than me?
Then use your brain.
If the police want someone dead,
there are better ways.
Ways to kill secretly.
You're dumber than me.
Mr. Kojima.
You're just forcefully connecting
two dots to forge a story.
Has it ever crossed your mind
that you're being duped?
Do you know the guy well?
Is he trustworthy?
No.1 HQ to MIU 404.
Return to HQ immediately.
404. That's us.
404…
That's our number.
Anyway, we haven't done anything wrong.
We're just a contingency unit of MIU.
Remember that, idiot.
Call us if you have something.
MIU 404…
The media might come thanks to that video.
The captain wants you
to escort Mugi and Yutaka to her home.
Where is she?
Explaining the matter at the HQ.
-Explain what?
-A few influencers have dropped the bomb.
"Female con artist M's close contact is
Captain Kikyo of No.1 MIU."
Conspiracy theorists are having
a field day on the Internet.
Unbelievable.
Going against the police
gets people excited.
It's easy to bash someone
who never talks back.
Everybody's dying to judge someone.
Forget the Internet. Just don't go on it.
That's hard to do these days.
Anyway, we'll be going.
Where's Kyu-chan?
Kokonoe is no longer in MIU.
What?
Why?
Captain.
Please tell me.
Why am I going back to NPA?
Is it because I let Narikawa get away,
which led to Etori's death?
-No.
-It's an order from above.
He's worried
your career might get tainted.
My father?
It's my father's decision?
-Captain.
-We've some questions.
Get out of here now.
I'll answer you over there.
I'll just take this for now.
-Okay.
-I'm not going.
Huh?
I'll wait for my mom.
Hey, Yutaka.
If we go, my mom would be
alone when she gets back.
Adults can stand being alone.
No. I can't take it.
Yutaka.
Hey…
Huh?
There's no evidence that proves
the woman is a con artist,
and I'm not her relative.
No.4 MIU was unofficially
created as a temporary means
to alleviate the shortage of officers
caused by the Work System Reform.
Why was the official site deleted?
It was never deleted.
There was too much traffic
that day by chance,
which caused
the "404 not found" error to appear.
Our site recovered the next day.
Oh.
What?
When there's too much traffic,
a 503 error comes up, not 404.
-What?
-Why are you lying?
-Why is that?
-Please explain.
We have a page
that indicates all kinds of error,
but it hadn't been uploaded.
I didn't tell her
the 404 page happened to show up last.
I didn't get that.
-Why are you lying?
-Please explain.
The error page appeared by coincidence.
Stop turning every assumption
into a conspiracy.
-What do you mean conspiracy?
-That's terrible.
That will be all. Thank you.
REC RULES!
EXPOSE THE SINS OF THE POLICE!
I WANT TO SEEK OUT THE TRUTH LIKE HIM
"The truth…"
SHE LOOKS SCARY
I BET SHE NEGLECTS HER CHILD
CAPTAIN IS RELATED TO CON ARTIST M.
SLEPT WITH AN EXEC AND HAD YUTAKA
HOT CAPTAIN IS A SINGLE MOTHER
Yes. Okay. Understood.
Mr. Jinba said our duty
is over for the day.
You can stay over then.
What?
Come on.
What? You think you'll get
to have it your way?
Is Ms. Kikyo all right?
Living with me has caused her problems.
No. It's not your fault.
Sorry.
Thinking like that is
disrespectful to Ms. Kikyo.
Shima.
Sorry, Yutaka's made you stay here alone.
What are you doing?
I got hungry, so I made some MIU udon.
That hits the spot.
Open a udon shop when you retire.
Then the name would be No.4 MIU Udon.
Mysterious No.4 MIU.
Minion of Police Noodles.
Shadow Army.
People say anything.
It's hilarious.
The police wouldn't stage
a bomb attack in broad daylight.
Any sane person would know that.
Even Ibuki couldn't believe it.
Even Ibuki gets it. Is everybody stupid?
They used to say I became
captain because I was pretty.
Now they say
I slept with an exec to get here.
So, this executive is
apparently Yutaka's father.
-Who are these people?
-These idiots.
I can't take this.
I'm working over here.
I work in a stale,
patriarchal organization.
They don't know how hard
I've worked to get here.
They don't get it.
Are they stupid?
They even made up
a story about Yutaka's father.
It enrages me.
Let's eat. It's getting cold.
Yes.
But MIU udon is good even if it's cold.
Well…
that's convenient.
My father assigned me to MIU
because he wanted to be with MIU.
Here you go.
He thinks he can move
me around as he pleases.
This is my life.
I understand his concerns.
Why?
No.4 MIU may get dismantled anytime.
It's better to take you back
to NPA before that happens.
To keep your career unharmed.
Career this, career that.
It is if you wish to
get to the top of NPA.
You're not a soldier like us.
You're going to talk like that too?
Don't take it the wrong way.
Your career will allow you
to do things we can't do.
That's how you'll one day
be able to help us soldiers.
I'm…
ridiculously fortunate, aren't I?
We were in First Investigation
ten years ago.
It's been that long?
During that time,
you became chief inspector.
Next thing I knew, you were with a guy.
Next thing you knew?
I'm not obliged to tell you anything.
I know. It's just that it surprised me.
One day, we were suddenly told,
"Ms. Kikyo's going on maternity leave."
It happens, you know?
Before I knew it, you became a mother.
Then you became superintendent.
Then captain of MIU.
Quick as lightning.
Plus, you saved Hamu-chan
while achieving all that.
It's impressive.
I couldn't have done it alone.
Hamu-chan and Yutaka helped me.
You guys helped me.
But I couldn't help my officers.
One bomb was all it took.
Nobody could've expected that.
How do we fight an enemy
who would do anything?
The police must protect the weak.
We must be correct.
We must be innocent.
Just kill all the bad guys.
Where did you learn to speak like that?
Huh?
But I used to think that too.
But there are laws,
and we have to respect them.
Bad guys don't. That's not fair.
Still.
Shima always says
we have to respect the law.
Otherwise, justice becomes injustice.
-Injustice?
-Not being right.
Perhaps justice is very weak.
What good is it, then?
Hey, that's a good point.
It's weak, so we all have
to take care of it.
Otherwise, it might disappear.
Anti-Organized Crime
still haven't found
the source of the donut EP?
We checked the Tatsui gang's
maritime route for meth.
No sign of donut EP.
It's never been detected at customs,
yet it's widely distributed in Japan.
Maybe it's made in Japan.
If I remember correctly,
someone said Mr. Etori's firm
or factory is located at Rokujugo.
Rokujugo?
Yes.
It's in Ota Ward.
Hey. Morning.
Huh?
Wasn't your house that way?
Our station is this way.
It's hard to go home
and rest in this situation.
I understand.
I'm on my way to return the van.
Is the passenger seat open?
What do you think?
Let's go.
Can I ask one thing before we…?
Don't ask.
-I haven't said anything.
-I know what's coming.
-Shima…
-Don't.
-Captain…
-What did I say?
Did you two get intimate last night?
We did not get intimate.
Guess what happened?
He's a truly competent subordinate.
He's helped me many times
in No. 4 MIU too.
Look. This is Shima.
What?
The captain takes great care of me.
There's also a wild kid named Ibuki.
I wanted you to meet him too.
I dozed off, and when I woke up,
it was morning.
Shima.
You're a handsome guy.
-There's a handsome guy here.
-Shut up.
That's lovely.
You can't beat a dead guy.
This sure is a flashy van.
It's fine. We have nothing to hide.
Hello.
Could you spare some time?
These are the factories in Rokugo.
I need you to check these four points.
I can check them when I go on patrol.
Thank you.
The firms and buildings
may be Kuzumi's assets,
but they're in another guy's name
with no evidence connecting them.
The portrait.
We'll make it tomorrow based
on Narikawa's description.
Well, aren't we laid back.
The mobiles?
Narikawa and Kuzumi both used
SIM cards from the same shop.
This mobile shop is owned by a gang,
and we can't trace the cards' users.
We'll just have to find him.
I'll go look for him.
-Stop. Where are you going?
-Ikebukuro.
He's long gone.
We're told to stand by here.
Don't go snooping around.
I just can't stand standing by.
SUPPLEMENT CONTRACT MANUFACTURER
LEAD CAMP INC.
Is 7-9-30 of Rokugo here?
Yes, this is it.
ACRYLIC PROCESSING PLANT
Police? Why all of the sudden?
I don't know.
An officer wanted to see
what we were making here.
Thanks.
This is what we make here.
I told him he couldn't enter
the clean room.
Let's shut down that factory by tonight.
Why?
The police are being grilled
on the Internet now.
Acting on our own could worsen things.
We'll get Kuzumi
before it becomes a problem.
Where do we find him?
We're going out to find that out, idiot.
An ex post facto report is acceptable
only in an urgent situation.
We can get urgent. Let's get urgent.
You don't understand
the word "urgent," do you?
Of course I understand.
Like a covert op situation, right?
You're a fool.
God, I'm bored.
Who's this?
Hello?
We got an urgent situation.
Hey.
Either the police are lying,
or my source Mr. Hamada is lying.
I can't tell.
So, I'm going to contact Mr. Hamada.
Can you?
He won't see me in person.
-Come on.
-What's your plan?
Create a situation
that will force him to talk with me.
Delicious.
NIGHTCRAWLER REC: URGENT FAVOR
The police are coming in 30 minutes.
I need to talk to you
urgently before that.
It's about a complicated issue,
so I prefer speaking with you.
-Sounds good.
-You'll call?
No, he refused to talk
on the phone once, so I'll use SOON.
SOON?
It's a video conference platform
that's getting popular abroad.
You don't need to be registered to use it.
You can talk
without disclosing your identity?
Yes.
Will he agree to such a fishy proposition?
If he has the knowledge, he will.
He'd know that it's safe.
Fine, fine.
START CONFERENCE
Connecting now.
Wait! The video!
-We're on camera?
-He can see us.
I'm turning off the camera.
Don't make any sound.
Okay.
START CONFERENCE
HAMADA
Hello. I'm Rec.
Thanks for your constant support.
Subscribers have skyrocketed,
and I can easily support myself.
Anyway…
what's this story
about the police visiting you?
He's probably changed his voice.
VOICE CHANGER
It's about the video.
They want to know where I got the info
that the C-4 was seized by the police.
Naturally, I won't mention your name.
I won't show them the file either.
But in exchange, I'd like
to have a collateral for the info.
Collateral?
If the info isn't true,
I'll be charged for spreading a lie.
You realized this now?
Anyway, I need evidence
that your information is accurate.
The info's from a reliable source.
But I can't tell you who.
According to your source the bomb was C-4,
but apparently, it was gelignite.
Huh?
Gelignite isn't that powerful.
Apparently not if you use
1.5 times the amount.
Where did you hear that?
A friend from the Self-Defense Force.
You can't fool me like that.
It was certainly C-4 that was used.
Please hold.
Hello?
The police are doing an inspection
at a nearby intersection.
They're there until next morning.
Inspection?
That's unlucky.
What do we do?
He was sure that it was C-4.
Only the perp could say so
with so much conviction.
Oh…
We're still analyzing the residue.
Wow. Good job, Shima.
Sorry, I need to take care
of urgent business.
I need to go now.
What do we do?
Buy time by asking where he is.
Yes.
Wait. Tell me what I should say
to the cops who are coming.
Aren't you persistent.
Lowlife NowTuber.
You won't gain anything by upsetting me.
If you bark too much,
I might have to drop some more bombs.
I guess I'll do that.
That'll solve everything.
It's your fault.
You and…
those other two.
Yes.
You.
Two police dogs.
I see you.
I see everything.
Huh?
You guys were there yesterday.
What was it…?
MIU… 404?
What is going on here?
I don't know.
I don't.
HANDLE WITH CARE.TXT
That allowed him to hijack my PC?
What?
I guess we can talk then.
Kuzumi. Give yourself up.
The flight record of the drone is gone.
There's no way to track its flight.
There's no evidence whatsoever.
People always leave evidence.
Then I guess I'm not human?
You can't judge a non-human.
Shut your mouth you murderer.
You control people
from a safe room and ruin their lives.
Is that fun?
I told you. I'm not human,
so I have no sympathy for humans.
You eat pork and chicken, right?
Sashimi? That's a chopped up corpse.
You eat them half alive.
We're talking about people here.
Go on with your gibberish,
but you have a body of a human.
As long as you're human,
you will be judged according to law.
How can you?
You don't know my face,
my name, or my whereabouts.
Actually…
I know what you are.
Huh?
Mekemekephelet.
"Meke…?"
Forget that.
Did you mean "ferret?"
What is that? What is "mekemeke?"
This is Tarou Delivery Service.
Sorry, I spilled the curry udon soup…
Anyway, I've a lot of work this evening.
I've no time for your games.
"Tarou apologized to the girl
for spilling curry udon soup"?
"Delivery Tarou is there"?
Thank you very much.
No way.
We talked with Delivery Tarou HQ.
They delivered
two curry udons at 22:45 p.m.
A shared office in Nakameguro called UFO.
The address is Nakameguro 6-18-21.
-We'll be there in ten.
-Yes. We're lucky.
We're coming to get you,
Mekemekephelet Kuzumi.
Ten minutes from Shibuya.
I guess that's fine.
Feign composure while you can.
You'll be punished for lying to me.
You'll be arrested.
You don't know what's coming.
Your ass is on fire now.
C-4 LIKE THE ONE DROPPED EARLIER
Hey.
I'M DROPPING 12 C-4 BOMBS IN TOKYO
Stop writing my email.
You guys made me want to drop a bomb.
You're going to be a terrorist
who destroyed Tokyo.
Forget being a popular NowTuber.
You'll be famous internationally.
Stop.
Stop!
VIDEO ATTACHMENT
DRONE_BOMB_TOKYO
SENT
-Hey.
-Rec. What happened?
Hurry, Shima.
The transfer cannot be cancelled.
I am not your pawn.
-How about a game of chess?
-Listen to me seriously.
May I?
Sure.
Hello?
Is it a prank?
At 23:00 p.m.?
That's in three minutes. Okay, please.
Get me the secretary.
NPA and MPD have
just received a threat via email.
It's a terrorist bomb threat.
"C-4s like the one dropped
earlier will be dropped in 12 sites."
"The time: 23:00 p.m."
A video shows a dozen
of drones taking off.
No way…
MPD Emergency Center. Explosion? Where?
-MPD Emergency. Explosion in Edogawa…
-Explosion in Shinjuku?
MPD to all stations.
Explosion at Nagatoda Bridge.
Nearby officers, head there.
Similar situations in Shimokasai, Edogawa,
and Nakakoma, Shinjuku are being reported.
All executive officers shall…
-He actually did it.
-We're there in five minutes.
TERRORISM?
Let's hurry.
MPD to all stations.
A 5 km-radius-deployment
in Chiyoda will start at 23:03 p.m.
MPD to all stations.
Explosion at Mihiro, Sumida.
Nearby officers, head to the site.
Investigate the scene
and report immediately.
VIDEOS OF EXPLOSIONS!
Full deployment to prevent
simultaneous terrorist attacks.
Deployment starts at 23:05 p.m.
Anti-terrorist attack HQ will
also be established.
Radio name is Anti-terrorist HQ.
NEWS!
TERRORIST ATTACKS IN THE CITY!
What is going on?
23 YEAR OLD MOTHER ARRESTED
4 YEAR OLD DAUGHTER "ABUSED"
NEWS
MPD to all stations. Explosion
at Kitameguro Hospital.
Nearby officers, head to the site.
A hospital?
We go to Kuzumi if we take a right.
We go the hospital if we take a left.
What do we do?
Hey, Shima.
"Can't beat a dead guy," you said.
That's not true.
There will be chances to win
as long as you're alive.
Right?
-Roger, partner.
-All right.
MIU 404 to MPD. Heading
to Kitameguro Hospital, over.
Roger.
It's not easy being a hero, huh?
TRENDS IN JAPAN
1. TERRORISM 2. EXPLOSION 3. SHINJUKU
TERRORISTS ARE RIDING A MELON BREAD VAN!
PLEASE SEND INFORMATION!
#MIU404
KITAMEGURO HOSPITAL
He got us.
Captain.
The news image on the Internet is fake.
The time was removed and
a fake news flash was superimposed.
The other images, the emergency calls.
They're probably fake as well.
Let's go.
What is going on?
The attacks didn't take place.
They weren't real.
Are you kidding me?
The inspection is over due to the chaos.
Thank you. I'm leaving now.
Okay, thanks.
MIU 404 to No.1 HQ.
No sign of attack at the hospital.
The perp of the bombing murder case
did this to confuse us.
The perp is in his twenties,
and known as Kuzumi.
His appearance…
I don't know, damn it.
Shima.
What is going on?
Wow. How convenient.
All these kind people.
INFORMATION ON MELON BREAD VAN
No, I shouldn't go this way.
I should go that way.
Mr. Jinba.
The truck is coming.
Hey, Police.
TRENDS
2. EXPLOSION 3. #MIU404 4. MELON BREAD VAN
#MIU404 IS NUMBER ONE TRENDING!
FINAL EPISODE
15 MINUTE EXTENDED SPECIAL
Hey, Ibuki.